good afternoon everybody it is june
seven we are stocking over here at Santa
Ana River Lakes Imperial catfish farms
there you go we're going to be thrown in
some catfish and we are going to be also
be thrown in some tilapia as well
because it is tuesday so jalopy at
Tuesday's all right we got the Imperial
kepta struck with tasty catfish we're
going to stop right down the two boots
right out into the big leg and here in
stock legs twice a week all right we
just hooked up a tank of channel cats
right there tank number one channel cats
and then we're going to hook up tilapia
here we go dropping in some catfish in
the big lake there to go let's take a
full of that channel kitties come out
and play right into the big leg Oh sighs
Oh stock night thousands every week all
right look at all the fish
this thing is stuffed with catfish
that's how we do it
lots o bingo by now video by looking at
all right into any minute
got to get a broom to get them going so
many gonna push on the broom Wow look
how slowly they're moving it's so
compacted and if they can't even get out
we got a little pile up right there
and there's still coming up channel
kitties journal kitties come on
they're still coming yeah buddy we just
hooked up the second tank big tilapia
going into the big lake all right guys
these are some of the tilapia sweer
stock and look at these fish these are
actually like huge huge huge tilapia
oh alright sloppy at times sloppy
Tuesday's to love you Tuesday holy holy
oh my gosh is a huge red tilapia Oh My
look at the size of the tilapia this is
ridiculous man I love saga nice peaceful
obvious you guys different caught one of
these man they'll definitely take you
for a ride half a night call over there
this is easily these are easily the
biggest flaw be I've seen all air oh my
so many big tilapia oh my gosh look at
that that is beautiful I was a beautiful
falafel hey half a night crawler single
hook either fish from the bottom or you
can even throw a bobber if they're
servicing on the top whoo oh my god I'm
gonna have to come out fishing this is
ridiculous oh that's the three pounds of
Lafayette easy to an athlete
alright we're over at Corona late now
we're back down here behind the bait
shop at JD's point I look at JD again
and we're at his point and there's the
Imperial campus truck it's still jun 7
20 * thing on friday we stock every week
twice a week where the heaviest on lakes
around no way stock the size Barney hand
a fish that we do I could do it twice a
week it's kind of ridiculous how many
fish reaction stock
but we want you to catch fish we even
help you to catch fish we have lake guys
go around ask how are you doing
trick that we've been taking picture and
put it up on the website we gel took up
and take a catfish we go throw the lake
boom
yeah baby going out a big old tank in
the corona lake right now
floppy do then
fish on Friday way to read every week
alright we're between the dam and the
courtesy doc there's the courtesy doc
right there let's go after on the lake
as you can see beautiful lake very
beautiful right
and we got some big floppy right now yes
two three pound average these are by far
the biggest floppy I've seen so far this
season last week we've got some big ones
but wow the moms are ginormous Oh
there they go
fabulous
sweet